---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "catalystcenter_wireless_cleanair_configuration Data Source - terraform-provider-catalystcenter"
subcategory: "Wireless"
description: |-
  This data source can read the Wireless CleanAir Configuration.
---

# catalystcenter_wireless_cleanair_configuration (Data Source)

This data source can read the Wireless CleanAir Configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "catalystcenter_wireless_cleanair_configuration" "example" {
  id = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The id of the object

### Read-Only

- `ble_beacon` (Boolean) Detect BLE Beacon interferers. Applicable to 2.4GHz and 5GHz.
- `bluetooth_paging_inquiry` (Boolean) Detect Bluetooth Paging Inquiry interferers. Applicable to 2.4GHz.
- `bluetooth_sco_acl` (Boolean) Detect Bluetooth SCO and ACL interferers. Applicable to 2.4GHz.
- `clean_air` (Boolean) Enable CleanAir spectrum intelligence on the radio band.
- `clean_air_device_reporting` (Boolean) Enable reporting of CleanAir interferer devices.
- `continuous_transmitter` (Boolean) Detect Continuous Transmitter interferers. Applicable to 2.4GHz and 5GHz.
- `description` (String) Description of the CleanAir feature template.
- `design_name` (String) The name of the CleanAir feature template. Forbidden characters are `% & < > [ ] ' /`.
- `generic_dect` (Boolean) Detect Generic DECT interferers. Applicable to 2.4GHz and 5GHz.
- `generic_tdd` (Boolean) Detect Generic TDD Transmitter interferers. Applicable to 2.4GHz and 5GHz.
- `jammer` (Boolean) Detect Jammer interferers. Applicable to 2.4GHz and 5GHz.
- `microwave_oven` (Boolean) Detect Microwave Oven interferers. Applicable to 2.4GHz.
- `motorola_canopy` (Boolean) Detect Motorola Canopy interferers. Applicable to 2.4GHz and 5GHz.
- `persistent_device_propagation` (Boolean) Enable persistent device propagation.
- `radio_band` (String) The radio band the CleanAir configuration applies to.
- `si_fhss` (Boolean) Detect SI FHSS interferers. Applicable to 2.4GHz and 5GHz.
- `spectrum_80211_fh` (Boolean) Detect 802.11 FH interferers. Applicable to 2.4GHz.
- `spectrum_80211_non_standard_channel` (Boolean) Detect 802.11 Non Standard Channel interferers. Applicable to 2.4GHz and 5GHz.
- `spectrum_802154` (Boolean) Detect 802.15.4 interferers. Applicable to 2.4GHz.
- `spectrum_inverted` (Boolean) Detect Spectrum Inverted interferers. Applicable to 2.4GHz and 5GHz.
- `super_ag` (Boolean) Detect Super AG interferers. Applicable to 2.4GHz and 5GHz.
- `unlocked_attributes` (List of String) List of feature attributes that are unlocked (editable) for this template.
- `video_camera` (Boolean) Detect Video Camera interferers. Applicable to 2.4GHz and 5GHz.
- `wimax_fixed` (Boolean) Detect WiMax Fixed interferers. Applicable to 5GHz.
- `wimax_mobile` (Boolean) Detect WiMax Mobile interferers. Applicable to 5GHz.
- `xbox` (Boolean) Detect Xbox interferers. Applicable to 2.4GHz.
