---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "catalystcenter_wireless_profile Data Source - terraform-provider-catalystcenter"
subcategory: "Wireless"
description: |-
  This data source can read the Wireless Profile.
---

# catalystcenter_wireless_profile (Data Source)

This data source can read the Wireless Profile.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "catalystcenter_wireless_profile" "example" {
  wireless_profile_name = "Wireless_Profile_1"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `wireless_profile_name` (String) Wireless Network Profile Name

### Read-Only

- `additional_interfaces` (Set of String) These additional interfaces will be configured on the device as independent interfaces in addition to the interfaces mapped to SSIDs. Max Limit 4094
- `ap_zones` (Attributes Set) AP Zones (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ap_zones))
- `id` (String) The id of the object
- `ssid_details` (Attributes Set) SSID Details (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ssid_details))

<a id="nestedatt--ap_zones"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ap_zones`

Read-Only:

- `ap_zone_name` (String) AP Zone Name
- `rf_profile_name` (String) RF Profile Name
- `ssids` (Set of String) ssids part of apZone


<a id="nestedatt--ssid_details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ssid_details`

Read-Only:

- `anchor_group_name` (String) Anchor Group Name.
- `dot11be_profile_id` (String) 802.11be Profile Id. Applicable to IOS controllers with version 17.15 and higher. 802.11be Profiles if passed, should be same across all SSIDs in network profile being configured
- `enable_fabric` (Boolean) True if fabric is enabled, else False. Flex and fabric cannot be enabled simultaneously and a profile can only contain either flex SSIDs or fabric SSIDs and not both at the same time
- `enable_flex_connect` (Boolean) True if flex connect is enabled, else False. Flex and fabric cannot be enabled simultaneously and a profile can only contain either flex SSIDs or fabric SSIDs and not both at the same time
- `interface_name` (String) Interface Name. Mutually exclusive with vlan_group_name. Not applicable when fabric is enabled.
- `local_to_vlan` (Number) Local To Vlan Id
- `ssid_name` (String) SSID Name
- `vlan_group_name` (String) VLAN Group Name. References a pre-configured VLAN Group on the WLC for client VLAN load-balancing. Mutually exclusive with interface_name. Not applicable when fabric is enabled.
- `wlan_profile_name` (String) WLAN Profile Name
